# Word Generator

This file generates pseudo-English words.

## Usage

```shell
clear ; ./wordgen.js 300 | column
```

## Output

```
rebleeneez      toyttorem       topeck          themae
hockesek        otocte          raldaebl        hiha
poonant         sehorote        rhengijith      aponn
ieshofub        posevuf         ieda            poquckahe
sesesofo        baf             aechihatha      roruze
zordor          ureshej         rorebl          kenuhagro
fackerend       nectegen        belienu         mineege
rick            voridesto       ouvi            nujeede
ehef            ari             suntin          uramee
cunta           ratesh          hazaf           fejook
doco            seremil         decheckusan     kasete
ekorae          izitigrib       bingeedes       adej
utibup          bentayrd        zoter           dengishahash
assabi          virayko         nufegroni       oynachu
rheriryere      oyllezi         senuhig         eckakonuk
rengeebu        shejerouqu      eckolla         tissu
seroyqu         aeryebl         ackegie         digoucto
etoge           uthosh          eggeryou        sinnino
egraryayhe      naeryeg         direturdoo      titogr
noroyneesec     horeri          sucae           banosag
eedetit         aheeden         zoolle          faynereck
rito            ticturie        aemaedev        emuggayd
sundu           ichikurd        uggacheni       kactihem
thitif          porhennaha      kereryie        horir
aedet           sudouhe         eegriremm       niseb
aeteblay        atineck         oryihand        ractoom
denug           luryeent        anosti          joollor
assinihe        cujess          veethi          taturd
orachire        rurekee         rantigg         akootel
tinterayckee    thisse          tendido         odo
chaellor        chaymeba        veteme          curaina
torodie         erumo           okek            umeter
ussosechae      osterurd        nilure          thietez
vusaych         eecho           fengehor        risho
thockintoym     jerere          qunoyblee       usteepavae
secarhest       sediede         shushoran       ivestoo
theroj          tikoong         uthute          ettaydess
dethu           hanoti          nonaytoci       poufiren
derota          taela           uchogri         beruder
suggooct        jeroubl         thizo           erezo
qupee           mideki          mudek           pechequ
noostatind      qufeevequ       adoof           vorechori
depi            fisham          devoulequb      niezonuk
onousher        saryayn         piroo           nuquck
guss            herdict         ucheshu         giteryay
idainuck        dierah          adizoo          loysinieng
manarou         hizonno         roujablagg      hase
dechere         peba            saineggaineeth  thosetin
vublun          shegrar         endell          zodeth
thozoynti       aqucker         fishinu         miehath
zackovay        oyshas          ereth           thonalloy
usayn           zope            eetontich       rhenyanaer
zaykatij        duquch          jonooreg        bon
ventorosh       tefof           deevoyrov       poretite
reri            jinaenoo        umeni           porooheller
dekiblae        vuteta          hassildant      tonne
arantayhi       biehijez        denobaeck       harie
shirie          navenuqu        revoth          apu
tineremmayr     choreroyqul     fietiman        reraytigr
eehech          hissethush      iterdesan       shayhethayreck
choogoyt        aris            ova             oypocou
naylle          aehigran        ori             renoytoyre
daytezou        sesicko         dusalu          ayjiryild
raetitin        dajisse         maronop         loutouhe
qunar           douhelu         saqupiqu        echa
eepuhick        sajotema        oovanade        erud
gellosse        nondoy          achuhago        ehenoop
russae          rassoto         ezome           onaenain
thoquryipe      ennafeb         aeblabl         garop
norab           barda           ekehe           atibutid
haroretha       kinogo          goumay          gunnectu
horaehagaine    jeeb            tainouleer      loheb
nunush          peeba           rejich          uckaygr
lainuset        sabamm          geto            zikass
liraynu         gozoreng        shese           biehih
```
